Octopus Q3: 2021.2 release announcement (#537)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-09/octopus-release-2021-q3/index.md

## Breaking changes

This release includes one breaking change.

### Steps that use bundled tools require the `OctopusUseBundledTooling` property

The new upgrade script sets the `OctopusUseBundledTooling` property to `False` for steps that use an execution container. Otherwise, the script sets the property to `True` or respects the legacy variables. This change only impacts users with custom Windows execution containers who rely on Octopus to inject the Azure or AWS tooling. Read about the workaround for that use case [in the GitHub issue](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/6999).

## Upgrade or get started

Octopus Cloud users are already running this release, and self-hosted Octopus customers can download the latest version now.  

<span><a class="btn btn-success" href="https://octopus.com/downloads/2021.2.0">Download the latest version</a></span>

We encourage you to review the [steps for upgrading Octopus Server](https://octopus.com/docs/administration/upgrading). Please see the [release notes](https://octopus.com/downloads/whatsnew/2021.2) for further information.

> If you've never used Octopus before, [sign up](https://octopus.com/start) for a free trial or [email our Sales team](mailto:sales@octopus.com) to see a demo and learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've never used Octopus before, [sign up](https://octopus.com/start) for a free trial or [email our Customer Success team](mailto:customersuccess@octopus.com) to see a demo and learn more.
```

### Register for the webinar: Kubernetes on Google Cloud with Octopus

Join us at next month's webinar to learn how Google Cloud, Octopus Deploy, and Octopus Runbooks deliver the ultimate Kubernetes experience. [Register now](https://octopus.com/events/gcp-kubernetes-deployments-and-provisioning-with-octopus). 

## Octopus Workato connector

Workato is an Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) to integrate apps and automate business workflows. It connects a vast library of apps across different industries and job functions.

Our new Workato connector makes it easy to:

- Include Octopus Deploy in Workato workflows without writing code
- Perform operations against Octopus Deploy, such as create and deploy releases
- Create recipes that respond to events in Octopus through a trigger

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- Trigger a deployment from other systems such as Slack, Microsoft Teams, or Jira
- Publish updates to other systems after development, test, or production deployments:
  - Push notifications to Slack
  - Automatically update tickets in other systems such as Jira, Zendesk, and ServiceNow

> Learn how to get started in our post [Announcing the Workato connector for Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com/blog).

Reviewer 2: Link will be https://octopus.com/blog/workato-connector

Author: Thanks, Rob! I'll update this once the Workato blog post is accessible. 🙇

Author: The Workato blog post is now live. 🎉

## LDAP provider

Octopus 2021.2 includes support for the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP). LDAP is a protocol for interacting with directory servers.

Our LDAP authentication provider opens up more use cases for Octopus customers:

- Authenticate to Microsoft's Active Directory when self-hosting Octopus in a Linux container
- Interact with other directory servers like OpenLDAP
- Support users with non-Windows clients, including macOS

> Learn how to [get started with the LDAP auth provider for Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com/blog).

Reviewer 2: @TeganAli Has Bob's LDAP provider post been reviewed? If so, we can we schedule it and link to it. Otherwise, we'll need to remove this link.

Author: The blog post is live! 🎉

## New variable substitution filters

Octopus allows you to define variables and reference them in deployment steps, runbooks, and files.

In 2021.2, we added the comparison filters `Contains`, `Match`, `EndsWith`, and `StartsWith` to Octostache, the variable substitution syntax for Octopus Deploy.

These filters are useful for specifying the condition in an `#{if}` block. They return `true` or `false` depending on the result of the comparison.

> Learn more about variable substitution [comparison filters](https://octopus.com/docs/projects/variables/variable-filters#VariableSubstitutionSyntax-ComparisonFilters) in our documentation, or check out our post [Creating dynamic run conditions with new Octostache filters](https://octopus.com/blog).

Reviewer 2: @TeganAli Same as above. Can we link to Bob's Octostache post if it's available. Otherwise, we can just link to the docs. 😄

Author: (The hyperlinks are on my list to review before COB Wednesday. It's easy to 'comment out' Bob's posts and reinstate them later.)

Author: The blog post is live. 🎉
